## Bring it all Together
The beauty of Vue components is the ability to break things down into re-usable, modular pieces of code. This lesson examines how to do that, taking everything learnt so far and applying it to the little to do app from earlier in the series. 

* Vue components are defined as JavaScript `modules`. Modules can be exported and imported to other JS modules.
* When a component is `imported` into another component it must be registered using the `components:{}` object before t can be used.
* Imported components are used by referring to them as HTML tags within the `template:`. This is where any HTML markup required lives.
* Components used in the template may have `props` passed to them as attributes. Use a colon before the attribute if it needs to be interpreted as an expression.
* `Props are defined on the child component` and they inform the child component of what to expect. The actual `data comes from the parent component`.
* Data can be set on a component using the `Data()` method. In reality data would likely come from a controller. The data can then be filtered down through the child components.
* Computed properties can also be set on components.
* Use `v-model` to track and manipulate the states of elements in the DOM such as the state of a checkbox.

```js
import AssignmentList from './AssignmentList.js';

export default {
    components: {
        AssignmentList,
    },

    template: `
        <AssignmentList title="Completed" :assignments="filter.completed"></AssignmentList>
        <AssignmentList title="Incomplete" :assignments="filter.incomplete"></AssignmentList>
    `,

    data() {
        return {
            assignments: [
                { name: 'Learn PHP', completed: false, id: 1 },
                { name: 'Learn Laravel', completed: false, id: 2 },
                { name: 'Learn Vue3', completed: false, id: 3 },
            ]
        }
    },

    computed: {
        filter() {
            return {
                completed: this.assignments.filter(a => a.complete),
                incomplete: this.assignments.filter(a => ! a.complete),
            }
        }
    }
}
```