## Parent-Child State Communication
Often when extracting Vue components communication between components will need to be setup. Generally communication takes place vie `props` and `emits`.

Parents use props to communicate to child components and child components use emits to communicate to the parent.

### Extracting the Form
If the form is extracted into it's own component it will still need to access the assignments array. This could be achieved by passing the array from the parent via props. While this does work, a look in Vues dev tools extension reveals that the entire assignments array is now in both components.

A cleaner approach would be to `emit` the data from the child component back to the parent component. This keeps the assignments array in a single component and still allows the child component to communicate the required data to the parent.

```js
// AssignmentCreate.js
methods: {
    add() {
        this.$emit('add', this.newAssignment);
    }
}
```

*The first argument in the $emit() method is the name, which matches the name of the method. The second argument is the data to be emitted to the parent.*

Once the data is emitted from the child it can be used by the parent

```js
// Assignments.js
<AssignmentCreate @add="add" /> // Parent listens for childs add() method and then calls it's own add method

// Data from child is passed to parent add method as an argument 
methods: {
    add(assignment) {
        this.assignments.push({
            name: assignment, // And then used 
            complete: false,
            id: this.assignments.length + 1,
        });
    }
}
```
*In the parent component the `add` event is listened for and when the child emits the data, it calls it's own method defined in the quotes of the `@add=""` which in this case is also `add`. The parent method passes the emitted data as a parameter to it's own method and executes the remaining code.*