## It's All So Easy
To improve functionality of this list it could be filtered by subject. This could be done with tags for example.

* Add a tag to each assignment
```js
// Assignments.js
{ name: 'Finish project', complete: false, id: 1, tag: 'Science' }
```

* Render the tags
Once each assignment has a tag they can be used in the template but they will need to be extracted from the assignments array first.
```js
// AssignmentList.js
computed: tags() {
    return new Set(this.assignments.map(assignment => assignment.tag))
}
```
In this computed property `map()` is looping through the assignments array, getting all the tags and bundling them into a new array.

The `Set()` function then looks at all of the tags and enforces that each one is unique. This ensures that when `tags()` is looped through in the template it's only getting one of each avaialble tag and no duplicates.

* v-for on the Tags
Using v-for the tags can now be rendered in the template
```html
<span v-for="tag in tags">
```

* Track the currentTag
For Vue to work reactively with the tags it needs to be able to track the current state. To do this Vue needs a default state and then something that updates that state.
```js
// Instantiates current tag as an empty string
data() {
    return {
        currentTag: ''
    }
}
```
```html
<span v-for="tag in tags" @click="currentTag = tag">
```
*Although it wont do anything yet, it should be possible to confirm that this is reactive using Vue dev tools. Be aware that there is a bug that can prevent Vue dev tools from updating this property correctly. Clicking to a different component and back again usually forces the updated value to show.*

* Filter by tags
Update the v-for="assignments" to loop through `filteredAssignments`. Create a filteredAssignments property:
```js
computed: {
    filteredAssignments() {
        return this.assignments.filter(assignment => assignment.tag === this.currentTag)
    }
}
```

* Get all assignments
To make sure all assignments are visible when no tag is selected there needs to be an `all` tag. This needs to be added to the existing tags array.
```js
data() {
    return {
        currentTag: 'all', // Set default to 'all'
    }
},
computed: {
    tags() {
        return ['all', ...new Set(this.assignments.map(assignment => assignment.tag))]
    },
    filteredAssignments() {
            if (this.currentTag === 'all') {
                return this.assignments;
            }

            return this.assignments.filter(a => a.tag === this.currentTag)
        }
}
```


---
### map() Example
```js
const numbers = [1, 2, 3];
const doubled = numbers.map(num => num * 2);
// doubled = [2, 4, 6]

```

### Set() Example
A Set is similar to an array, but it only stores unique values. If you try to add a duplicate, it just ignores it.
```js
const numbers = [1, 2, 2, 3, 3, 3];
const uniqueNumbers = new Set(numbers);
// uniqueNumbers = {1, 2, 3}
```
Although sets are like arrays they are limited in how they can be interacted with. For example:

**They can:**
* They are iterable `for...of`, `forEach`, or `spread` it.
* They maintains insertion order (items stay in the order you added them).
* They can be converted to an array using `[...uniqueNumbers]`.

**They cant't:**
* Access by index (no set[0]).
* They don't have array methods like map(), filter(), or reduce() — unless you convert it to an array first